Remove server (#4984)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/simulation-server.md

5. Install Python 3: `sudo apt-get install python3-pip python-is-python3`.
6. Install Python dependencies: `pip install pynvml requests psutil tornado`.
7. Install git and subversion: `sudo apt-get install git subversion`. They are used by the simulation server to checkout the code of the projects.
8. Choose one:

>     - [Install Webots](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/releases/latest) if you do not want to run the Webots instances in docker:
>     - Or install Docker if you want to run Webots and the controllers safely in a docker: `sudo apt install docker.io` and follow the [post-installation instructions](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/): `sudo usermod -aG docker $USER` and `newgrp docker`. You will also have to install the NVIDIA docker drivers as documented [here](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/install-guide.html).

Reviewer: We should recommend one of the two options and explain why:
```suggestion
    - Install Docker if you want to run Webots and the controllers safely in a Docker (recommended): `sudo apt install docker.io` and follow the [post-installation instructions](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/): `sudo usermod -aG docker $USER` and `newgrp docker`. You will also have to install the NVIDIA Docker drivers as documented [here](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/install-guide.html).
    - Or [install Webots](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/releases/latest) if you do not want to run the Webots instances in Docker (not recommended as it might compromise the security of your server and would make it more difficult to handle different versions of Webots).
```

5. Install Python 3: `sudo apt-get install python3-pip python-is-python3`.
6. Install Python dependencies: `pip install pynvml requests psutil tornado`.
7. Install git and subversion: `sudo apt-get install git subversion`. They are used by the simulation server to checkout the code of the projects.
8. Choose one:
    - [Install Webots from the source](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/wiki/Linux-installation) in the `~/webots` folder if you do not want to run the Webots instances in docker:

>         - After performing the git clone, switch to the develop branch: `git checkout develop`.

Reviewer: I believe this is not needed any more.

Author: Yes because you need either Webots or Docker

        - Don't install any [optional dependency](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/wiki/Linux-Optional-Dependencies) unless you need them.
    - Or install docker if you want to run Webots and the controllers safely in a docker: `sudo apt install docker.io` and follow the [post-installation instructions](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/): `sudo usermod -aG docker $USER` and `newgrp docker`. You will also have to install the NVIDIA docker drivers as documented [here](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/install-guide.html).
9. Install docker-compose if you want to run Webots simulation in dockers: `pip install docker-compose`

> 10. Clone the [webots-server](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots-server) in `~/webots-server`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Clone the [webots-server](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots-server) repository in `~/webots-server`
```

docker pull cyberbotics/webots:R2022a-ubuntu20.04
docker pull cyberbotics/webots:R2022b-ubuntu20.04
```

> 2. Configure the simulation server: edit `~/webots-server/config/simulation/simulation.json` so that it contains the following (to be adapted to your local setup):

Reviewer: This file doesn't exist.
```suggestion
2. Configure the simulation server: create a file named `~/webots-server/config/simulation/simulation.json` with the following contents (to be adapted to your local setup):
```

>   "debug": true

Reviewer: Indentation looks wrong here.

Author: Seems like an issue of the github viewer: https://cyberbotics.com/doc/guide/simulation-server?version=enhancement-externalize-server
